docs: Add release please flow and config information (#1217)
SAP/ui5-tooling: docs/Release-Workflow.md

### 1. `release-please` Job
- **Trigger**: Push to `main` branch
- **Purpose**: Creates/updates release PR with version bumps and changelogs
- **Output**: Information about created releases and PRs

### 2. `publish-packages` Job
- **Trigger**: Merger of release PR into `main` branch
- **Action**: Developer merges the release PR in GitHub
- **Result**: 
  - Release Please creates releases & tags in GitHub for every package
  - Packages are published to npm sequentially (logger → fs → builder → server → project)
- **Strategy**: Sequential execution (`max-parallel: 1`) to ensure dependencies exist before dependents

### 3. `publish-cli` Job
- **Trigger**: All other packages have been published
- **Purpose**: Generates `npm-shrinkwrap.json` and publishes the CLI package
- **Dependency**: Requires all other packages to be available on npm registry

## Release Please Configuration

The configuration is defined in [`release-please-config.json`](../release-please-config.json). Below is a detailed explanation of each property:

### `group-pull-request-title-pattern`

```json
"group-pull-request-title-pattern": "release: UI5 CLI packages ${branch}"
```

> **Purpose**: Defines the title format for release pull requests in monorepos

Reviewer: I'm not sure whether we need to repeat all the release please documentation in such detail on this page.

The interesting detail about this configuration would be the fact why we can't use the `${version}` placeholder for the PR title.

Author: I have refactored is, so now only the important information is shown

**`prerelease`**: 
- Enables prerelease mode
- Affects version bumping logic
- [Documentation](https://github.com/googleapis/release-please?tab=readme-ov-file#prerelease)

**`prerelease-type`**: 
- Defines the prerelease identifier (alpha, beta, rc, etc.)
- Appended to version designation: `5.0.0-alpha.0`, `5.0.0-alpha.1`, etc.
- [Documentation](https://github.com/googleapis/release-please?tab=readme-ov-file#prerelease-type)

**`release-as`**: 
- Forces the next release version
- Used for major version bumps or initial releases
- Takes precedence over conventional commit version bumps
- [Documentation](https://github.com/googleapis/release-please?tab=readme-ov-file#release-as)

---

### `packages`

```json
"packages": {
  "packages/logger": {
    "component": "logger"
  },
  "packages/cli": {
    "component": "cli",
    "extra-files": ["npm-shrinkwrap.json"]
  }
}
```

**Purpose**: Defines which packages in the monorepo are managed by Release Please

**Structure**:
- **Key**: Path to package directory (relative to repo root)
- **`component`**: Name used in changelog and release notes. Avoid scopes (@ui5) as this might tag something wrongly on GitHub

> - **`extra-files`**: Additional files to version-bump (beyond `package.json`)

Author: It's a leftover I have forgotten to remove. We do not have `npm-shrinkwrap.json` available during the PR creation phase. It's generated just prior `@ui5/cli` pubslishing

**Behavior**:
- Each package gets its own changelog
- Only specified packages are included in releases

**Documentation**: [Monorepo Support](https://github.com/googleapis/release-please?tab=readme-ov-file#monorepo-support)

> **Note**: We explicitly configure packages instead of using `exclude-paths` because:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Note**: We explicitly configure packages instead of using `exclude-paths` for the following reasons:
```

1. More maintainable - clear list of released packages
2. Prevents accidental inclusion of internal tooling
3. Better for documentation and understanding

---

### Plugins

```json
"plugins": [
  {
    "type": "node-workspace",
    "merge": false
  },
  {
    "type": "linked-versions",
    "groupName": "ui5-cli-packages",
    "components": ["logger", "fs", "builder", "server", "project", "cli"]
  }
]
```

**Purpose**: Extends Release Please functionality with additional behaviors

#### `node-workspace` Plugin

```json
{
  "type": "node-workspace",
  "merge": false
}
```

**Purpose**: Automatically updates workspace dependency versions in `package.json` files

**Behavior**:
- Scans all `package.json` files in the workspace
- Updates `dependencies` and `devDependencies` when workspace packages are bumped

> - `merge: false` updates versions, but doesn't merge PRs automatically

Author: Thanks!
I have updated it.
